updated OIE terminology (#1976)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/migrate-to-oie/index.md

---
title: Upgrade to Identity engine
meta:
  - name: description
    content: Our guide shows how to upgrade your organization and clients to Identity engine
layout: Guides
---

## Enable Identity engine for your organization

> To upgrade to Identity engine, please reach out to your account manager. If you do not have an account manager, please reach out to <oie@okta.com> for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To upgrade to Identity engine, contact your account manager. If you do not have an account manager, email <oie@okta.com> for more information.
```

Reviewer: Infodev style doesn't like "please" in this situation. My preference was also to remove the "reach out" for brevity, but just a suggestion.

### Okta-hosted sign-in page (default)

> For most authentication flows that involve redirecting to Okta, there should be no other changes needed. Once the feature is enabled, Identity engine will be used automatically, by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For most authentication flows that involve redirecting to Okta, there should be no other changes needed. After the feature is enabled, Identity engine will be used automatically, by default.
```

Reviewer: As per infodev and MMS style guidelines, changed "once" to "after"
